Kelly  0:00  
I tried to yesterday, and I didn't even do it, right, okay, all right, so

start over with the email thing.

Sherri  0:10  
So the majority of the invoices come to me, since I process them, get email to AP invoice at Savannah tank calm, which all come to me, okay, okay, okay, so it just gets routed to you. Just gets routed.

Kelly  0:27  
Okay, yeah, okay, so AP

at AP at

Sherri  0:33  
AP, invoice, invoice. Samana tank,

calm, be nice for that to be all dumped into one file, all those emails with the attachments and print it out.

Kelly  0:48  
Yeah, so automate printing them,

which would be more of like a

Sherri  0:58  
Because currently, what I'm doing, I just don't have the time to go in. And I'll show you, like in my Outlook, I have under Accounts Payable. I have folders for all these vendors that email their invoices. So when I get an invoice, say, from Robert James, and I can get four or five invoices in one day. Just depends on the shipments. Yeah, I have to click on it. I have to print it out, and then I take it and I move it to that the full vendor folder.

Kelly  1:27  
Okay, so then it's out of your inbox. So, you know, you've already

Sherri  1:31  
sure, you know, there's a lot of work out from but if I could go in and say, put a rule, yeah, move it here. But, you know, I don't want to miss out

on something, yeah, miss something coming through. That's true too, because yeah, I hear you, okay,

yeah, Some days are busier than others, I mean. And it always seems like Mondays are my

biggest overwhelming. Yeah, it is, yeah.

And that always seems to be when I always have to process payroll if they have new hires that come in, and new hires, because I have to get their give them a package, get their package, make a copy of their driver's license and social security card or birth certificate. They have to be set up in job. Boss, for timesheet,

they have to be set them up in Job boss, yes,

they have to be set up in paychecks. For Yeah, paycheck purposes, if they're a shop worker, I have to assign them and now a new badge number for time in attendance, and then give them a card to be able to clock

e verify them.

Kelly  2:52  
Oh, okay.

Sherri  2:53  
And also go through the Georgia new hires reporting, because I'm required by law to do that within the first three days of any new hire, okay. Um, so it's a lot just onboarding an employee with all these different places I have to go. But it is what it

is. Yeah, so

Kelly  3:14  
you said you give them a package. What? What is that like? A literal document,

Sherri  3:18  
an orientation package that has our company handbook and all the forms for them to fill out for enrollment and different things, insurances, their tax forms and direct deposit forms, all those things.

Kelly  3:34  
So if you had a button that was you click it and it prints a new employee package automatically.

Sherri  3:44  
When I do that, I already did that. I scanned them. Oh, gotcha.

Kelly  3:49  
Yeah, yeah, more. So it would be okay. You have this many packets automatically, six more in print, because now we're

Sherri  3:59  
David is ordering those new computers.

Roy's gonna have to come back. So, I mean, I can show you I have to set up my desk to the different folders, but you're not gonna be able to play with things because only David and I have access to the financial

Kelly  4:24  
Yeah, which I don't need. I mean, I don't need any access to, like, seeing financial stuff. But that makes sense, that just all of your stuff

is, is all that nobody has, because it's, it's confidential information, yeah?

So I'm my, my thing would be more so anything not confidential, which it seems like it's, it's job, boss, it's more about the software that you use, and you said process payroll.

Sherri  4:52  
 But if the whole point is to show you what I do and what can be automatied, then you'll have to see some of it. 

Kelly  4:56  
Yeah it's to make your work life easier, then I'm see, yeah, that's right, you know, yeah, can I can? 

Sherri  5:04  
Well, we can do it Friday or whatever. Yeah, are

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
