Sherri  0:00  
Go back to the jobs, all jobs, and it shows what's paused and not one point. I had five jobs going on.

Kelly  0:09  
So five positions, yes, that are

Sherri  0:12  
yes, and so like this one I just posted this morning, the engineering manager. You good, but I go in, in order to keep where this stays up at the top every time somebody goes into indeed, you pay the premium otherwise, which is like anywhere from 70 to $100 a day, a day. Yes. So when I have the five going, because, oh, it's a priority in this out and the other, it's only as good as when you print up, because then you it never weeds out. You could put in all these qualifications, but it never weeds out the people that like have new

Kelly  0:59  
that shouldn't be there

Sherri  1:01  
because on this like welding Shop inspector,

Kelly  1:09  
okay, welding, okay, yeah,

Sherri  1:21  
I just saw this. Emmett Ryan, so when you bring it up, so I've got to click on it all right, to bring it up, and I kind of read through it. And then if I think there's a chance that they have qualification. I have to print it out to the printer. Then I have to save it as a PDF, and I have folders on the P drive for all these job positions, and then I do a spreadsheet where I have to type in the name of the can to keep them. And so then they literally look at yay, nay. Let me call

Kelly  2:04  
Okay, so for each, but that's so for, literally for every candidate.

Sherri  2:09  
Though, this guy right here is a ranch hand and labor in the sandwich artist. So that's a no, yeah, but this got to be, the more we were having that got to be where, because I get people reply and it goes to HR at Savannah tank, calm, okay, and David and I are the two that can read these, okay, to which I have to bring it up and

Kelly  2:40  
write all that. Okay, so, so when they apply, it sends an email to HR Savannah, and then you so you also go in and read those,

Sherri  2:52  
no, I just know. So, like in my own emails, I get, it gets sent to me, and it also goes to HR at Savannah, so I don't ever pull up that HR at Savannah.

Kelly  3:04  
Okay, so these go to your your actual inbox, yes, and the HR Savannah, yes, okay, okay. Is that preferred?

Sherri  3:15  
Yeah, probably, because it's going to be a reminder. Because, I mean, when I had all five going, it was like, Yeah, every two minutes, yeah, I'm seeing an email, seeing the email, and,

Kelly  3:29  
anyway, yeah. So if those were routed to an HR folder in your or,

Sherri  3:34  
but even if it is, and I have you still have to go in. I have to go in, yeah. So I would rather see it where it's coming up to let me know, because it

Kelly  3:43  
would still show you have an email, it just would put it right into an HR or, like, indeed, folder, but either way. So, so for every Apple, can you go back to the screen where it shows, like, all the candidates for this position? Yeah, yeah. Okay, so this matching qualifications is pretty much useless, because, like, you just clicked on that ranch hand and he had,

Sherri  4:10  
yeah, he applied. So you know, it's gonna ask a question, and indeed, do you have blah, blah, blah, years experience, yeah. And if they click, yeah, but it doesn't show it on the they have no way indeed, it's right away. It's not doing and that's how they're getting through.

Kelly  4:31  
So it's just a simple question, yes or no, and then they get through, yeah. So if, okay, is there an export for this? Like, does it give you an option to if you go back?

Sherri  4:46  
Like, if I okay? So when I bring this up, usually you can read it. So if I click on download, resume, that's what I have to do.

Kelly  4:58  
That's for everybody, right? I i except like the ranch hand, you didn't have to, because it actually showed his

Sherri  5:07  
Well, I can review it. Well, this one, there's no one there. That's weird. Yes, it's blank.

Kelly  5:16  
God, you would think indeed could even could at least weed out blank resumes.

Sherri  5:20  
You business. But let's just go back here to this person. So when I click on this person, I can scroll down and I can read while I'm here. Yeah, okay. And then if this person looks like because I'm not making the decision, I'm sending it to either operations manager or John, or whoever the person may be that's going to do the iron,

Kelly  5:46  
yeah, you're doing initial like. So

Sherri  5:49  
this person I see has experience quality control analyst, you know, seven months, two years, 10 months, yeah. So then, then I click on. Once I read that, I say, okay, and I'll usually put a question mark, and less than, like, top notch, top notch, I'll put a check mark, but yeah, it's up to them. And then you have to click on Download resume. And so when I do that, it comes up, and then I print it as a PDF, and it goes to say, I've got all these folders, yep. And then I type in the person's name, yep, okay, and save it as that. And then I print it to the printer, okay, to give them a hard

Kelly  6:36  
copy. And then you go over and you grab

Sherri  6:38  
and then in this little spreadsheet that I I did it so they have a list. Are you? I mean, here's, yeah. I mean, that's how I started off.

Kelly  6:50  
This could definitely get automated,

Sherri  6:52  
for sure. This is getting to be a lot when

Kelly  6:55  
we have a lot of positions, yeah. So,

Sherri  6:59  
I mean, I literally, like, when we have five jobs going, literally, there could have been a full time person. I couldn't keep up. Yeah, stressed me out, yeah, but I don't so then you can get automated other than to find a way to say, let's have an employer login. Like, can we call it a right? Dustin, you go in, you look on this job, John, you go in. So you do

Kelly  7:36  
Yeah, yeah. I mean to divide up

Sherri  7:39  
the Yeah, because when I get bogged down at payroll, and I mean, I'm not making excuses, but it's a lot.

Kelly  7:46  
No, it is. I know that's why, that's why I'm here to see what we can take off your hands. So then you go in here, you add them to this. I see indeed. So you guys are only using indeed, right? And then

Sherri  8:03  
reason why we did that. I mean, we were putting, this was years ago, not LinkedIn, I forget what was some thing that you could post ads, that it was kind of like a free thing, yeah, can't think of the name of it, because we quit doing it because we weren't getting much in response. Yeah, you've gone through using employment agencies as well. Oh, yeah. Thing about it is, then we were getting duplicates, and if we're paying them, you know, yeah, and they all have different markup rates on what they would charge, okay? Because they want to get what they can right. Until then, it's like temp to hire you. They have to work so many hours.

Kelly  8:54  
Oh, right, okay, I know you're talking about. And so you're paying a premium line because

Sherri  8:57  
you're, you're paying their sire like, plus anywhere from 30 to 50%

Kelly  9:01  
more, yep, yep. I do. I know. I know you're talking about from when I was looking for a job. So, yeah. Okay, so there's so this spreadsheet is this on the P drive

Sherri  9:13  
I've I created this spreadsheet so if you go to I'll just show you under shop resumes. Okay, see all these folders? Yeah, it's for these positions. Okay? And then, like, I'll give you an example on the welder, fabricator, all these different ads we had because it got to be so much so, like, let's go to this 1230, 25 ad. Okay, look at all these names. Do you see this?

Kelly  9:40  
So this is from, indeed, though, right. Okay, to where I have to save it. So for every one of these names, you went in there you you looked over the resume, yes, probably put a question mark, printed it Yeah, saved it up, yeah, and then put in the spreadsheet, okay, I see the flow. Handed it to and then yeah,

Sherri  10:05  
especially more than he he's so busy now he pushes out to the shop. Yeah, okay, they're not managers,

Kelly  10:16  
right? Yeah, okay,

Sherri  10:19  
so, and here's the thing, we all say we're busy because we are busy. You are, well, I mean, we are very

Kelly  10:25  
and the thing is, you guys went from 74 tanks in 2024 last year, that's now five times more. So like more, hiring, more, everything,

Sherri  10:39  
everything that the company's experience impacts my department, right? Which he doesn't want to see, from the hiring to we have more bills. Yep, more jobs to set up, more billing to do all of those things.

Kelly  10:58  
Yeah, like anytime they're painting out there. They're doing the road,

Sherri  11:03  
more capital improvement projects, managing higher billings, managing the cash flow, all of those things. Yeah, yeah, the payroll even, I mean, even though a third party does it, it's just,

Kelly  11:18  
we'll still use a person here, because we pay weekly, right, exactly. But, okay, so, so I got the flow on this, yeah? And then, in addition to like, what we just said for each one of these names, well, more than each one of these names, though, an email comes into you because you get an email for everyone that applies. That seems so stupid, because why wouldn't it just be the ones who put a question mark?

Sherri  11:50  
Because the email is notifying right? Somebody applied?

Kelly  11:53  
Wouldn't it be way cooler, though, if just indeed would notify you he didn't have a budget emails,

Sherri  11:58  
yeah, but yeah, but they're not a mind reader. They were like, Yeah, I don't know. This is what, yeah,

Kelly  12:04  
okay, so you guys have, indeed, you know, I don't know. I've only ever seen it as a I'm looking for a job, but you have the hiring version. Okay, um,

Sherri  12:16  
so the job that I just posted this morning was, that takes a couple of hours for it to go live. Okay, okay, so it does. It tells me, I think that it is now, but it always takes a couple hours, because this afternoon it'll Yeah. And it also depends on, like with welders, welders are the hardest people to find. Yeah, qualified welders, yeah, so we open it up to in some of these higher positions were relocation assistance, okay? So then, not only that, you're getting

Kelly  12:59  
people from all 50 states, right? Not just local.

Sherri  13:02  
And some of them are like, it's a waste of time when they don't really have the full experience that you want. But yet, we're paying a premium on all these clicks. Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Kelly  13:15  
So is so. You said 70 to something? Would you say 70 to $100 a day or something? So what changes, like, what does that price depend on? How many applicants?

Sherri  13:30  
Yeah, how many people click on it? That many applicants, yeah?

Kelly  13:35  
So they're like, you know, yeah, we're getting you all this traffic. We're gonna charge you for all the traffic.

Sherri  13:42  
Okay, okay, I don't know what is the other solution

Kelly  13:48  
you're not supposed to know, though, that's what I that's what I'm supposed of.

Sherri  13:53  
We're trying everything we know within our power to get qualified candidates right. And even though people weld and they there's a lot of people look great on paper to men have them coming in, and then, especially for welders, where they give them a weld test,

Kelly  14:10  
right well. So like last summer, I made a little app for Dustin where he could put in several like he could take that whole list right there and put them all in the app, and based on what he said would be a no go and things he wanted, it would score each applicant and make a spreadsheet of the ones that were like, good and whatever, I don't know, did a whole thing. So like, each of them knows what they will or will not accept, you know, in a new hire or not, like there's gonna, they're gonna see some of these resumes and go, yeah,

Sherri  14:54  
no, I wonder, Is he using that now? Based on, probably not.

Kelly  15:00  
Okay, you could be good. I probably would just need to show him later. It's just literally Okay, but, yeah, but so that's how things get automated, though, and that's why you're not supposed to you're not supposed to tell him like you're not supposed to have the answers on what can be automated or how to do it. What I do is I see what you do, and then then I know what I can and cannot build, or maybe what's out there. That's part of it too.

Sherri  15:23  
ISM it's just time consuming to do all this front end work, and then they get in, it's a matter of seconds, and say,

Kelly  15:30  
work right? Exactly, exactly, but yeah. And so what I just described would help him on that end. But there's it would be something different on this end here.

Sherri  15:42  
Can you write something that says, every time we get an applicant, print out this resume, download it and print the resume.

Kelly  15:47  
Yeah, I can. I can write something that watches the folder, well, I don't know,

Sherri  15:51  
no, because you have to actually go into indeed.

Kelly  15:57  
Oh, well, it's also it goes to your email, though, right? Too,

Sherri  16:05  
it does. But what I'm saying is, how do you know? Alright, so like, right here, Jeremy Kirkland applied.

Kelly  16:15  
So this is an email from indeed, okay, yes.

Sherri  16:18  
And so it goes to human resources, but I'm not on the Human Resources folder. It's because everything that gets sent to Human Resources gets also sent to me, okay, mirrored, or whatever the terminology is, yeah. So I don't have to actually go in the folder, but this is what I get. And so then see, I click on View resume. So if you're saying base it off on the emails, it would have to be something like, yeah, because it does start out star meaning name applied to pull up the I don't know how you could do say that again. Sorry, I would say star dot. Star meaning Yeah.

Kelly  17:00  
It's because all it tells because when says this person apply, right? So this email is just Yeah, brief little nonsense. You don't get the resume sent to you. You have to then still go to Indeed, yes. I don't know if it's, I don't know if a deed has, like an API, like, I don't know how to explain an API point, but it's, I'll have to look into that, where what I build just talks to your indeed account and can do things. But I don't know if they have that or not. It seems like they should, because you're definitely not the only person in the world that deals with

Sherri  17:41  
because this is very time consuming. Yeah, that would be a huge time I was gonna say, so

Kelly  17:47  
is this, you're especially in this

Sherri  17:50  
one that I mean to me, I know it's a priority, probably to David him, right? But on my day to day work, yeah? I mean, that's the last thing I'm wanting to do is, so I tried to shave off a carve out a little piece of time. Let me do it this time frame, and do it all in one fell swoop.

Kelly  18:10  
So resume indeed, this is, this was you feel like, would be like the number one thing like that would help you out a ton. I could see that for, for

Sherri  18:22  
due to time constraints, right? Everything that I have to do, yep. Because, not only that, if you, if you go to my inbox when all this is going on, and then you've got all the added email communication, whether that be all of the we have AP invoice at Savannah tank, calm. That's where people, vendors and invoices, yeah, and all those go to me. Yes.

Kelly  18:46  
Okay, and we talked about that a little bit too. Do you want to so with that, you go into your email and

Sherri  18:54  
like, if I bring up my email my inbox, it's these are all, yeah, Brighton, that's a statement of account. And so as I pretty much went through all this, this is a statement. I'll just bring it

Kelly  19:11  
up, okay, did the did POS always have an attachment or not? Always, always, okay?

Sherri  19:18  
So, so here's the statement. Let's just say this is an invoice, right? So I would print it out, and then I will go to this and drag it over to because I have a folder for all our vendors, just in case something ever gets lost. Or, yep, I can go right to and I have it by vendor. Okay, so here's Brighton. I click on Brighton. Here's all the emails for all the invoices I've I get.

Kelly  19:54  
Okay, so you, so you get an invoice. I print it out, you print it out, and then you move it over to the folder, and then what?

Sherri  20:03  
And then I I have three folders I have.

Kelly  20:07  
You need these.

Sherri  20:12  
I just unloaded it by doing tables yesterday. So here's my invoices received.

Kelly  20:19  
Okay, what does it say? Waiting for backup? Yes.

Sherri  20:24  
And this is backup paperwork, waiting for invoices. Okay, all right, so basically, when the receiver, when people receive stuff in the shop, material, and all receive, I'm doing the receiving now, yeah. But in perfect world, they receive it and they bring me the paperwork. So here's some paperwork. Okay, where they receive this in the

Kelly  20:53  
system? Okay, so this is a PO

Sherri  20:57  
Yes, right? Then what they attach to it is the packing list, shipping paperwork, whatever it is to verify that we physically receive this. Okay, okay, all right, and so that comes. This is the backup paperwork. Okay, this is the invoices, and it's alphabetical. So then I have to match up vendor to vendor, the invoice to the receiving paperwork.

Kelly  21:21  
Can I see an invoice? I guess I'm so

Sherri  21:29  
let me go, because I just did all this yesterday. Let me go to just

Kelly  21:35  
stay right there, you sure? Yeah, I mean,

Sherri  21:38  
I'm saying all my stuff is complicated. Yeah.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
