Kelly  0:00  
Get away from doing a paper check, because we do employee loans and, yeah, right, right. It won't go totally away. But so then things would be digital, wouldn't they? Like? There are some things, the invoice and stuff, once it goes to

Sherri  0:17  
ACH or no, that's just the payment. The invoice is always gonna come in like this, no matter what.

Kelly  0:23  
Okay, because my, like, My Business account that I set up because I started the business, I can, I can request payments via AC. I can send you an invoice digitally, yes, and then you can pay me ACH kind of way, right?

Sherri  0:38  
So I wasn't sure if we haven't

Kelly  0:40  
even touched yet, and I can't even wait now.

Sherri  0:43  
But what it does, and because we would have to have the product received right and it matches up, we're still gonna have that factor. It's just the payment. And then if you think about it, it'll save on stuffing the envelopes and stamps. I mean, we and stamps and it being lost in the Good morning Savannah, you

um, for as far as what's concerned, we don't receive anything. I'm from Neil Steele. This is the paper girl, yeah, but not all of them are like that. We don't have a receiving thing with a with a gun, so then this is what we get from the vendor, and then they have RPO, and they mark up how many came in.

Kelly  1:58  
So this is what the delivery person comes to you with they give you, they have this and your PO, yep, and the receiver gives it to me daily. They check, you know what came in, and they come to you, and they're like, supposedly, yeah. And they go, all this is here, okay? And then they bring it to you, yes. And then you go into jobs.

Sherri  2:20  
Then I put it in the backup, okay, folder, this folder, and so then

Kelly  2:27  
I match it up that, and

Sherri  2:30  
then I enter in the system, okay, okay,

Kelly  2:36  
okay, man, wow, so you said, not all of them come with barcodes.

Sherri  2:45  
Phoenix metal, here's our PO, here's their paperwork, no barcodes

Kelly  2:58  
and what? Yeah,

Sherri  3:00  
okay. References the PO. It says what it is, okay.

I don't know how you're gonna get and there's nothing to really do. Or I can't see what to do with that. Yeah, i

Good morning. Simon tank,

Unknown Speaker  3:31  
yeah, let me know when you're

Sherri  3:32  
logged in. I'm logged in, and so you want me to go to the job?

Speaker 1  3:37  
Yeah, I want you to go to your home screen, where all your jobs, you can see your jobs open here, and if you want to, we could also work on your fabrication weld and actually have a kid that works for electric boat as a welder.

Sherri  3:52  
So what do you want with that

Speaker 1  3:55  
one, too? The first one, your engineering manager post, yes, I want you to click on your job title, and I want you to select Edit job okay, that will now pull us into when you look at the center of your screen up at the top, it says, edit the job post. Now so you and I can communicate easily, because I can only shadow there are three columns. There's a bold column. There are the pencils to the right column, yeah, and then there's the center column, right? We're good. Let's go to the job title. Okay? I want you to click on the pencil there, right? How many years of experience do you want this person to have? From my take, it was between eight to 10 years. But I do want to get this into the job title. Otherwise, I'm going to have every engineer jumping into this listing that doesn't meet the qualification. I mean, just clicking on

Sherri  5:09  
it, I've got the hard copy in front of me, and I'm trying to look to see if there's years experience in here, Dustin Dustin's not going to know. Bear with me.

Speaker 1  5:28  
It's a bachelor's degree that we definitely need. I know you to check that off under qualifications. We want to get that into our pres because with all this background here that we're asking for, I mean, this is not a newcomer

Sherri  5:43  
position, right? Exactly,

Speaker 1  5:46  
you know. And I mean that that's my concern. I don't see years in the job posting, but, you know, when I throw this into my AI system that looks at jobs,

Sherri  5:57  
can we give a range? Can we give a range, everything, Dad, I'm sorry, can we give a range as far as, like, say, three to five years experience?

Speaker 1  6:06  
Absolutely we can. Absolutely we can. So let's go to our job title. Click on your pencil. It'll open up the engineering manager. You'll see it right in the center bubble there. Okay, yeah, you'll see your cursor end up on the R. Hit your space bar once, and then I want you to put a dash, and then I want you to hit your space bar again. And let's type in. Want to do a range. All right, let's say so. Want the minimum to be three years. Four years.

Sherri  6:41  
Okay, hold on a second. So I got the edit the job post, got the job title. The only thing that has something that you can screen up and down on is that middle, which says, what

Speaker 1  6:54  
I want you to do. I want that pencil. Yeah, to the right hand side, it'll take you into your job title. And there's a little bubble in there. Do you see that? And then when you click into that bubble, your cursor will end up at the back of the letter R, for manager.

Kelly  7:10  
Wait a minute. Oh, epithet. And the first line,

Sherri  7:13  
is it? The first line the job title?

Speaker 1  7:15  
Yep, your job title, correct? Bold. You'll see job title. It says that in bold right go to the right hand side. You'll see the pencil there. It opens up a little box.

Kelly  7:26  
You're there. You're already there. Yes, she's already got that box pulled up. Oh, good, good, good. Yeah.

Speaker 1  7:33  
I want you to click where it says engineering manager, yeah, and you'll see the cursor, yes, like right next to the letter R. I want you to hit your space bar once, right? So it puts a space in there. Okay? And then I want you to put a dash and then hit your space bar again, so it reads engineering manager. It's just spacing things out for the AI to read it right now. How many years

Kelly  8:00  
of experience. Okay, so

Sherri  8:03  
typically, this is a job that I see

Kelly  8:06  
between. So

Sherri  8:08  
what are your thoughts to that? I'm thinking three to five years,

Kelly  8:12  
but here, so it's perfect. It's easy to do. Can I start with that? Well, I was going to say the paper, the hard copy we have says engineering manager, dash pressure vessels and heat exchangers. Okay, is years experience better to put in there? Or because pressure vessels would be because, okay,

Speaker 1  8:38  
We certainly could put that into the job title, right? People say, Oh, how much space do I have? Is.

Kelly  8:48  
Okay, so you clicked on a view time card, right or something? Yeah.

Sherri  8:52  
This is Julian, okay, okay, so he's clocked in as of this morning, okay? And then

Kelly  9:00  
he clocks up, he's got what's the Oh, organization shop. Okay, that's you guys Gotcha, okay,

Sherri  9:08  
so, but then if I go to the dashboard like, here's my payroll side, so

here's all my employees. And see this the only difference with now having the time and attendance, because you're using the time card once you're managing the time card when it comes over, then the hours pre fill when I go to run payroll on the hourly people. Okay, so that's a step. I don't have to punch it in. Oh, you used to have to punch everybody's hours, this many hours, regular time, this many hours.

Kelly  9:44  
Okay, so it does ot automatically,

Sherri  9:46  
yes, okay, and it's based on, when we set it up, what all of our parameters are like, right? You know, you have to work 40 physical hours before you get overtime, whether you sick time, vacation,

Kelly  9:58  
whatever Gotcha, okay,

Sherri  10:01  
those kind of things. But then here's my Quick Reports.

Want to find, like, if I'm on a report, I have to do some ACA reporting.

Kelly  10:25  
There's, I'm looking at a lot of options right here. Do you guys have full access of everything in paycheck flex?

Sherri  10:35  
As far as I know, I do, okay, but there's not one that these are sets, these are all reports. Here's a report libraries or like, find a report.

Kelly  10:51  
What kind of reports do you care about? Like, what reports do you need?

Sherri  10:57  
What I want to do is I need to come up with, I have to do some kind of ACA reporting that has to be filed by March

Kelly  11:04  
31 what

Sherri  11:07  
is ACA? Insurance? Something ACA. But I need to get the data from any employee that worked last year for the payroll reduction for the health insurance.

Kelly  11:24  
Oh, okay, so you

Sherri  11:26  
need a year deduction all 2025

Kelly  11:32  
all 2020 25 employees.

Sherri  11:35  
So I could go to what live reports is.

Kelly  11:39  
That's probably who's clocked in right now.

I think it's taking your current data right now and it's reports for i

Sherri  12:20  
This shows,

Kelly  12:24  
oh, there's the 20 or December, 31 2025,

Sherri  12:28  
yeah, looks like it was, yeah, oh, that's when it was, but it's all year to date is also one on 115 So,

Kelly  12:39  
and you need what was deducted from their paychecks to pay for insurance is

Sherri  12:46  
actually the report I need, yeah, so,

Kelly  12:51  
but for last year, yes,

Sherri  12:53  
and that's what I needed it for. So that's good. So that's gonna help me a lot.

Kelly  12:58  
Do you don't want the 1231, 2025, one that does all

Sherri  13:01  
of well. It says year, whether it was run on 1231, or run on 115 it's for the year,

Kelly  13:09  
but it'll only go to January 15 of last year, right?

Sherri  13:13  
No, that's the day it was run last

Kelly  13:19  
Oh, I see it says year 2025,

Sherri  13:22  
because it's a year to date report.

Kelly  13:24  
Okay, so it'll only do an entire year I got you

Sherri  13:28  
because that's the report I was running.

Kelly  13:30  
So you need all of this information.

Sherri  13:35  
Actually, what I like about it doesn't give me all of the checkstep stuff. So, yeah, this is what I need. Okay, so

Kelly  13:42  
what do you do with this?

Sherri  13:45  
I have to give this data to a third party company that's going to do the a CA filing for me has to be done

Kelly  13:52  
electronically, so you literally just send them this file. Yeah, may have to get their

Sherri  13:57  
addresses, and that's okay. I just have to go through the ones that have United Health Care pre tax, and actually I need to get in touch with Diane to find out, because we started a new plan April 1. So I don't know if I have to run the report and have it January one through March 31 for the old plan, and then April one through, it's just random, yeah, stuff, yeah, I need to find that out, but I can. If I don't, I'll have here's the number. I just don't know what portion is old plan versus new pan, because this would be about a third of it. But,

Kelly  14:41  
yeah, okay, so it's and look, okay, they're pre tax. That's what it is. It was united. Yes, something pre tax. I'm just because I'll research and see if there's, there's a see if there's a specific like ACA reporting, report, because

Sherri  14:57  
there's so what this is, the year to date report is a record of the employees year to date, wages, withholding, taxes, deductions and net pay.

Kelly  15:05  
I'm curious if there's one that's like, because you're not the only person who has to do this. And you would think, if it's a good system, that they probably maybe they have a report that's specific to ACA. But if

Sherri  15:17  
I have to call my payroll specialist. Like, if I go back to my dashboard, like I had three child support withholding deductions come in on two employees. One had two. Yeah, so, because it's all this paperwork, and it has to go, they do the garnishments and it comes out of their check, they actually do send the money. Gotcha, okay, gotcha. They actually do the reporting, which is great, but I have to send them the withholding order in order for them to set it up right, that kind of so it goes to the right reporting agency.

Kelly  15:59  
Gotcha, I understand that.

Sherri  16:03  
So, okay. So if I look at So, what

Kelly  16:09  
do you do? What do you have to do in here, like day to day,

Sherri  16:13  
if, when I have a new employee, I have to set up

Kelly  16:16  
a new employee. Okay, so they get set up in there.

Sherri  16:18  
Gotcha. So when a new employee comes in, I have to give them an employee packet. See That Last folder of the wall? That's and I have to print some more out this weekend, because we've been hiring about little people. Listen, yeah. So I have that. This is one in a PDF file. One is the actual employee handbook, and the other is the enrollment and forms and stuff, yeah, paperwork they have to fill out, gotcha. And then I also have to get a copy of their w2 not w2 excuse me, driver's license in Social Security card. Yeah. So when I get that information, I have to set it up in Job boss. That's for timesheet purposes. I had to set it up in paychecks. And if they're, if they're also an hourly employee that clocks in and out, I had them have to assign them a badge

Kelly  17:17  
that's new ever since, yeah,

Sherri  17:20  
and then I have to E verify them through Homeland Security and through Georgia new hiring. That's how they catch people.

Kelly  17:29  
Gotcha for child support. Can this not be

Sherri  17:38  
double sided? It probably on the employee handbook. Yes, it probably could be like, but not on the forms, because, yeah, I've done it by mistake, by not hitting to do single page, yeah, and then my forms would run over into other forms. And I was

Kelly  17:57  
saying, yeah, so maybe just the employee Yeah. I anyway,

Sherri  18:05  
yeah. So just to show you, Monday, when I come in, Monday's, uh, yeah, payroll processing day, right? Yes. And then new hires coming in. I have three new hires starting, which they'll turn in paperwork and I'll have to E verify and do all that's usually I have a three days e verify, but I also have three temps, starting on Monday,

Kelly  18:30  
which are not a new hire, so, because

Sherri  18:32  
it's the unemployment agency, but I have to make sure, yeah, one's gonna go to Chris for the marketing person. Yeah, one's going to be doing some filing, and then the other is going to be the receiver. I'm going to have to turn you, because nobody else knows how to do that job, and they don't want to know how to do it, no, but they want to make all the decisions over that person. I'm sorry I told you I'm an old hat. No, you're not.

Kelly  19:06  
So payroll and you hire and you literally wouldn't even have to talk to me. So write down questions, and I can just sort of observe on observe when i.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
