Nick  0:00  
To, so I don't, oh yeah, like, bi weekly, basically, like 1015, days, I know I remember, like, I've released so many POS so I'm going to the job boss and doing like, you know, open by requirements, okay, so this is something like the job boys, job boss is giving me input. Or basically like a paper where I can see, okay, this is what is received, branding.

Kelly  0:26  
This is a report in job. Boss, yeah. Like, you go to reports, yeah, okay.

Nick  0:31  
And then I can get this report so I can see, vendor wise, what is received and what is balance, okay, sometime. And then I'm like calling them from these, checking, sending an email, making sure like they have received these, or the PO has not fallen through the CAC, right? Or no. I sent it to the Keystone and ksn was on vacation. The other lady doesn't put it in the

Kelly  0:55  
system right kind of things. Okay, so you check this about 15 days,

Nick  1:01  
depending upon the what kind of time I have, and then depending upon, like, you know, I'm remembering, okay, it's been long time I have not checked so, so this is like, you know, giving me okay, this job number, this is pure number, and this gasket has been ordered, and then given them like, you know, 24 February, late time, delivery. Due Date, yeah, okay. And then we are not received it, so still this is showing open in this system. So I'll send them a reminder. Okay, would you please update me? Like, you know, status for po, 404-854-0516, or four, you know, yeah, to the reminder. And then just send them a kind of a reminder.

Kelly  1:45  
So then if, if materials come in, like for a PO, but not all of the items are there, because they didn't all just happen to come in all at the same

Nick  1:57  
time they close, whatever there is, whatever is in there. Okay, gotcha. So, like, sometimes one PO is, like, in a three or four consignment, basically, like, you know, one vendor is, like, an old this item here, location, North Carolina, location, right on your locations. Okay, yeah. So California will send, like, an, okay, here we go. Like, this is a three item we have, so they'll send it, yeah? Okay, gotcha so, yeah. But RJ has still says, like, four or five or seven locations in us from where we are getting the material, yeah, okay. And the guy quoting me from North Carolina, he's, like, you know, considering stock everywhere, right? Okay, he's seeing everything in the different system. I gotcha.

Kelly  2:43  
So then when you get the PO back, you know, like the date that they say it's gonna arrive by, kind of,

Nick  2:54  
it's not exactly every time their shipping date,

Kelly  2:58  
okay, so, but it could be their shipping date from California,

Nick  3:03  
California or Raleigh or Texas or whatever.

Kelly  3:06  
Okay, yeah, because I was wondering if that like two to three days changes. If it's coming from California versus North Carolina or

Nick  3:12  
whatever, if they ship it on Monday, then probably we'll get in three days. Okay, if they ship it on Friday, it will not leave that place, yeah till Monday, right, exactly, and then. So then we'll get like, next Thursday. Oh, yeah. Okay, yeah. Sometimes, like somebody three working days, two to three calendar days,

Kelly  3:34  
yeah, yeah. Everyone is different. So.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
